Update search-limits.md (#3037)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SharePoint: SharePoint/SharePointOnline/search-limits.md

|Number of entries in a custom search dictionary  <br/> |5,000 terms per tenant  <br/> |Boundary  <br/> |This limits the number of terms allowed for inclusions and exclusions dictionaries for query spelling correction and company extraction. You can store more terms than this limit in the term store, but search only uses 5,000 terms per tenant.  <br/> |
|Managed property mappings  <br/> |100 per managed property  <br/> |Supported  <br/> |Crawled properties can be mapped to managed properties. Exceeding this limit may decrease crawl speed and query performance.  <br/> |
|Values per managed property  <br/> |1,000  <br/> |Boundary  <br/> |A managed property can have multiple values of the same type. This is the maximum number of values per managed multi-valued managed property per document. If this number is exceeded, the remaining values are discarded.  <br/> |

> |Number of bytes in a multi-valued string property  <br/> |32KB  <br/> |Boundary  <br/> |If we reach the limit, the multi-valued property will be truncated  <br/> |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Number of bytes in a multi-valued string property  <br/> |32 KB  <br/> |Boundary  <br/> |If you reach this limit, the multi-valued property will be truncated.  <br/> |
```
